Fix: avoid flushing while clisong as file will still be deleted (#451)
NordicSemiconductor/pc-nrfconnect-ppk: Changelog.md

### Changed

-   Moved feedback tab to a dialog which can be opened by going to the about tab
    and click **Give Feedback**.

### Fixed

-   Chart frame trotting for slower machines.

> -   Session files were not always cleared on close in some special cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Clearing session files on close in some special cases.
```
